[gentle. eerie music]
[cat mews. bell tinkles]
[dramatic music]
[pulsating dramatic music]
["The Feminine Urge"
by The Last Dinner Party plays]
[bell rings]
[song fades]
Why are you hiding?
You need to be eyes on Penton.
Mrs. Penton is never gonna serve you
if she knows your birthday.
Well. she's not currently on till.
and... I have this.
This makes you 27!
I can pull it off.
Pip. you need to distract
Mrs. Penton. okay?
Do not let her look at the till.
- Why me?
- You got this!
I don't want to be an accessory
to a crime!
Well. don't fuck it up.
[clears throat quietly]
[girl] There we are.
Hi!
Hi.
I just... I had a question
I wanted to ask you.
Um...
Are you here as some kind of a decoy?
Yes.
- Pippa Fitz-Amobi!
- Come on!
Bye! Sorry!
[boy] Let's go home.
[chatting indistinctly]
[bell tolls]
[Victor] After everyone telling me there
wasn't a hope of getting him off.
justice had finally been served.
And do you know why?
- 'Cause you followed due process.
- Exactly.
Innocent until proven guilty. Unless...
You're a Black man.
Vic?
Have we got any of the posh crisps?
[Leanne] No. because they cost a fortune.
You can buy some when you get a job.
Actually. in fact.
Linda Walker's catering company
is looking for waitresses over the summer.
She's organizing some big do
for the Hastings' silver wedding
anniversary party or something.
What's that? Vic's cooking dinner.
It's a starter!
Got homework to do.
It's the first day of the holidays.
What homework could you possibly have?
Uh. my EPQ? It's really important. Dad.
Ah.
Well. first you need to walk the dog.
- [commotion]
- [boy] Hurry up. man.
Knock it loud.
[pounding on door]
Hey. idiots! You dropped
your communal brain cell!
- [boy 2] Let's go!
- [boy 1] Go! Move!
[boys laughing]
- [Sal] Hey. Pip.
- Hi.
Have you seen Andie?
It's okay. I just...
I just need to speak
to her about something.
There better be a good reason why
I'm not watching Love Island right now.
I've decided what I'm doing my EPQ on.
I'm going to solve the Andie Bell case.
Not this again.
The Andie Bell case is solved.
Her boyfriend killed her. remember?
The whole world thinks Sal Singh
is guilty. but he never had a trial
and they never even found Andie's body.
Except Sal confessed to her murder
and then killed himself.
Do you know how many people confessed
to the murder of Charles Lindbergh Jr.?
- I have no idea who that even is.
- Two hundred.
That's 199 false confessions.
Come on. You knew Sal. too.
He was head boy.
he was going to Cambridge.
And he was always really nice to me.
Sal was a good guy.
Good guys don't kill people.
Well. actually. they do.
All the time.
What is it with you and this case?
And if Sal didn't do it. who did?
I don't know yet. But whoever it was
might still be out there.
["A New Error" by Moderat plays]
[DI Hawkins] Andie was last seen
driving away
from her home on Church Street
at approximately 10:30 p.m.
CCTV footage from Little Kilton Square
shows Andie driving past at 10:38 p.m.
[news reporter] When Andie Bell failed
to pick her parents up from a dinner party
at the agreed time of 12:45 a.m..
Jason and Dawn Bell became concerned.
It's been five days since Andie Bell
went missing from her home.
Late yesterday. a body
was discovered in woodland.
close to the village of Little Kilton.
It is believed to be that
of 18-year-old Salil Singh.
the boyfriend of missing teenager
Andie Bell.
[news reporter 1] It is believed
Salil took his own life
after confessing to
the murder of his girlfriend.
[female reporter] His younger brother Ravi
was the last person to see him alive.
Jason and Dawn Bell remain
unable to bury their daughter.
as the search continues for Andie's body.
[bird cooing]
[vehicle approaching]
Hi.
Do I know you?
No. Just taking a walk.
[chuckles] With muffins.
[chuckles softly]
Okay.
Are you sure I can't help you
with something?
Well. how do you know
I'm not just heading this way?
Do I remember you from school?
You did that assembly
dressed as Florence Nightingale.
Ugh... Emmeline Pankhurst. but...
yes. that was me.
That explains it.
I was wondering why
Florence Nightingale would
chain herself to the gym apparatus.
Yeah. that didn't quite go as planned.
Took them two and a half hours
to cut me free.
[Ravi] Who's this handsome boy?
[Pip] His name's Barney.
- Vanilla essence?
- Yes.
- Hmm... Touch of nutmeg?
- [scoffs] You're good.
Okay. did I use
fresh or frozen blueberries?
- Both?
- Muffin genius.
Why. thank you.
So. pedestrian with muffins...
- this is me.
- I'm Pip.
I've actually been wanting to come by
and talk to you about my EPQ
and so these are kind of...
bribery muffins.
Your what?
Yeah. I don't know if when you
were at school. if you had do an EPQ.
Anyway. we do. which everyone's
really annoyed about apart from me.
It's an Extended Project Qualification
I need to do
for my university application.
I was gonna do a feminist analysis
of the gothic novel.
but then I thought.
"What's something that really matters?"
Which is when I thought of
the Andie Bell case. and your brother.
So. yeah. I guess that's what I'm doing.
and I was wondering if
I could ask you some questions.
- Oh. wow. I think you should go.
- But...
My brother's dead.
[door lock clicks. opens]
[somber music]
[birds chittering]
[ominous music]
[music continues]
[Barney barks]
Come on.
Hey!
[tense music]
[Barney continues barking]
[panting]
[Becca] Cute dog. [laughs]
Sorry. did I scare you?
Just thought you were someone else.
Don't worry.
People always get us confused.
[Lauren sighs]
So much for the summer of love.
Hey. Cara. is Naomi home?
- Pip. no.
- [Pip] What?
Please don't ask my sister about Sal.
Why not?
She was with him
the night Andie went missing.
She's a key witness.
Max is in Italy and Jake moved away.
No way.
Okay.
You do realize
how sensitive this still is. Pip?
Yeah. 'course I do.
[Lauren] Oh. my God.
Ant Lowe has just asked me
to go to the Hastings' party with him.
[Cara] No!
- [both squeal]
- What will you say?
Uh... yes. obviously!
Ant's an idiot.
He always says "pacifically"
when he means "specifically."
Don't listen to Pip.
The last guy she had a crush on
has been dead for. like. 200 years.
- Who?
- [both] Nikola Tesla.
Anyway. who wants snacks?
- Um. okay.
- [Cara] Yes. please.
[Cara and Lauren laughing.
chatting]
[hinges squeak softly]
[clock chimes softly]
[gentle music playing]
- Hey. Gnome.
- Shit!
- You okay?
- You scared me. that's all.
How's the job hunt going?
[Naomi] Still hunting.
Did you guys take the Jammie Dodgers?
No.
I saw Dad unpacking them earlier.
but they've vanished.
Things don't just vanish.
They must be here. Keep looking.
Sometimes things do disappear.
Like hairbands. odd socks.
Well. with socks. you simply check them
on the way into the washing machine
and then you check them on the way out.
It's not rocket science.
You never give up on anything.
do you. Pip?
- Hey. Naomi.
- Mm-hmm.
Did Cara tell you I decided
to do my EPQ on the Andie Bell case?
No.
Well. I just wondered
if I could ask you some questions.
Seeing as you and Sal
were so close and everything.
Sure. if I can remember stuff.
- Five years is a long time.
- [phone beeps]
Is it okay if I record it?
[clears throat] Interview one.
Naomi Ward. Sal's best friend.
Could you tell me
everything that you remember
about the events of the night
of Friday. the 19th of April 2019?
Um...
We were all at Max's playing
Super Mario Party. Sal left early.
Who's "we"?
Jake. Max. Sal. and me.
And what time did Sal leave exactly?
10:30 p.m.
I remember 'cause we ordered a pizza.
Sal left just as the delivery guy arrived.
He said he was tired.
[Cara] Pip! Where are you?
Just coming!
But he didn't get back home until 12:50.
I don't know what you want me to say.
Sal was a smart guy.
If he'd killed Andie.
you'd have thought
he would have at least
come up with an alibi.
[Cara. yelling] Pip!
Sal had an alibi.
- [door opens]
- [Elliot] Hey. Pip.
- Hi. Dad.
- [Elliot] Hi. my love.
How's the Internet?
Weird and depressing.
So. no change there. then.
How's tutoring?
Boring... but a teacher's salary
only stretches so far.
- Join us for dinner. Pip?
- Not for me. thanks.
Victor's making tacos.
a whole Mexican feast.
Okay. ¡Que. hombre!
Hey. Pip. don't forget your notebook.
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
Barney was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize
for services to humanity.
the First Bearded Collie
ever to do so.
That year he made the front cover
of Time magazine.
and guess what three words
were printed underneath his picture?
- "Stay beardy. folks."
Yes. you're asleep.
Your dad used to tell you that one. only
it was Beetle the Wonderdog back then.
Don't tell Josh.
Don't remember.
I've been thinking about
what you said about getting a job.
and I think you're right.
Need to get out in the real world.
Would you ask Linda
if she still needs waitresses
for the Hastings' silver wedding party?
Yeah. of course.
I am seeing her tomorrow at book club.
so I'll ask her.
Maybe ask if she needs two.
Cara's really keen as well.
Great.
- ["In the Mood" by Glenn Miller playing]
- [chattering]
There are people from school here.
I didn't know there was a whole
Stars of the Silver Screen theme.
Is yours chafing?
Mine's really chafing.
I just need to ask Max one thing
and then we can go.
Come on. It's fun.
We're undercover.
Come on.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh...
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much!
[music continues]
[indistinct conversation]
["Down South Camp Meetin'"
by Benny Goodman playing]
[laughter]
[man] Thank you very much.
Thank you.
[Naomi] We were all at Max's
playing Super Mario Party.
[Pip] And what time did Sal leave exactly?
[Naomi] 10:30 p.m.
[Jason] You need to come here right now.
Because I'm telling you. Becca.
Becca! Fuck!
Daughters. eh?
[chuckles softly]
[suspenseful music playing]
- [soft thud]
- [gasps]
[suspenseful music continues]
[soft thud]
[Pip] Hello?
[soft thud continues]
Hi.
[Max] You've been stalking me.
[Pip] I'd like to ask you
some questions.
[laughs] It's time for the speeches.
Won't take long.
What are you gonna do for me?
Sorry?
Quid pro quo. you know?
Tell you what. Every time I answer
a question. you have to take a shot.
I don't drink.
Well. that's boring.
[Max grunts softly]
What do you want to know?
[phone beeps]
August 3rd. interview with Max Hastings.
Is this an interrogation?
[Pip] On Friday.
the 19th of April 2019.
Jake. Sal. and Naomi were all at yours
playing Super Mario Party.
It was FIFA. but carry on.
What time did Sal leave?
Mm-mm. Down the hatch.
[coughs]
10:30 p.m.
Look. I don't know what you want.
It was a standard Friday evening.
Jake and I just played
Xbox and got pissed.
What about Naomi?
Naomi was MIA.
What was she doing?
I don't know. Taking a nap.
taking a dump. Fuck knows.
Listen. I have to go watch
my parents pretend
like they've been happily married
for 25 years.
Naomi told me that Sal had an alibi.
What was it?
We were Sal's alibi.
He made us lie for him.
The day after Andie went missing.
Sal asked us to tell the police
that he'd stayed round mine till 12:15.
He said he didn't want them
wasting time on him
when they should be
out there finding Andie.
We went along with him.
Then you told the police the truth?
- Yeah.
- What changed your mind?
It's a crime to lie to the police.
Anyway. things were getting real.
Andie hadn't just shown up.
Did you like Andie?
I didn't know the girl.
Like. literally never spoke to her.
What are you trying to prove
by doing this?
That Sal's innocent.
You really think that?
Don't you?
[scoffs] The Sal I knew.
no way he could have killed her.
But he confessed to it.
Then he went into the woods...
and swallowed a bunch of pills.
I mean...
you don't do that for nothing. do you?
[Toby] People say
money can't buy you love.
Well. they clearly haven't met
my beautiful wife.
- [guests laughing]
- [man] Well said.
[Toby] Seriously. I'm a very...
It's always nice to see true love.
isn't it? Bit of old-school romancing.
I didn't mean to scare you.
It's all right.
A word to the wise.
I've heard you're a bit of a nosy parker.
And you know what happens
to nosy parkers. don't you?
["It Had To Be You" plays]
Naomi's wasted and acting weird.
I've put her in the car.
Lauren's stormed off in tears.
We need to go.
Dark forces are at work here.
A good-looking man
just tried to steal my nose.
What good-looking man?
- Are you drunk?
- [Pip] What?
No. No. I only had five teeny.
tiny drinks. like thimbles.
[laughing] Okay. let's go.
So. two key witnesses that say
that Sal lied about his alibi.
which does not look great.
But... it's just so weird.
There are a million discrepancies
about their accounts of that night.
Max says they were playing FIFA. but Naomi
says they were playing Super Mario Party.
Naomi says she was there the whole
evening. but Max says she was MIA.
You spoke to Naomi?
- I'm sorry.
- I asked you not to.
I specifically asked you not to.
Did you know that Naomi
and the others lied for Sal?
- Yes.
- So why wouldn't you tell me?
It was five years ago. and everyone except
for you wants to forget it ever happened.
It's a key piece of information.
and you're my best friend.
Are you for real?
I didn't tell you because I don't
want you stirring everything up again.
- But it's important!
- To you.
You're totally happy to fuck
everyone else's life up
- just so you can carry on play detective.
- I am not playing!
[gentle piano music]
[music continues]
- [Sal] Hey. Pip.
- Hi.
Have you seen Andie?
It's okay. I just...
I just need to speak to her
about something.
She went in there.
Thanks.
[knocking]
Hi.
I have important information for Ravi.
From a galaxy far. far away?
No. I live on Martinsend Way.
Come in.
Sorry.
[Nisha] Ravi?
[footsteps approaching]
She says she has important information.
[Pip] Hi.
I came to tell you something.
Is it that you've
completely lost your mind?
What?
Oh... [chuckles]
But why are you here?
I came to say that I'm sorry.
I want you to know that it wasn't
just a school project for me.
I always believed that Sal was innocent.
So you thought you'd ride in like
some white knight come to save us.
No! No. I didn't think that.
It was just a stupid mistake.
I shouldn't have come.
Hey.
Why did you think he was innocent?
I knew Sal.
He was always kind to me.
He would never have done
anything to hurt her.
Come with me.
[somber music]
It's Sal's.
The confession.
"It was me.
I did it. I'm so sorry."
The grammar. The last text.
punctuation is perfect. but the others...
Sal was the smartest person I knew.
but he texted like an illiterate.
He didn't write the confession.
So if he didn't write it. who did?
I guess that's what we need to find out.
["Gunshot" by Lykke Li plays]
[rain falling]
[no audible dialogue]
[Sal] I can't. I can't... Andie. please.
Please just stop!
[Andie. crying] No. wait.
No. I'm sorry. I love you.
Sal!
I'm sorry.
I love you.
I won't say anything else... [indistinct]
okay.
I'm sorry.
["Gunshot" by Lykke Li continues]